feat: add `apiVersion` to cloudimage provider (#955)
nuxt/image: docs/content/3.providers/cloudimage.md

To use this provider you need to specify your Cloudimage `token` and the `baseURL` of your image storage.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  image: {
    cloudimage: {
      token: 'your_cloudimage_token',
      baseURL: 'origin_image_url' // or alias
    }
  }
})
```

## Options

### `token`

- Type: **String** (required)

Your Cloudimage customer token. [Register](https://www.cloudimage.io/en/register_page) for a Cloudimage account to get one. Registration takes less than a minute and is totally free.

### `baseURL`

- Type: **String** (required)

Your origin image URL or storage alias that allows to shorten your origin image URLs.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  image: {
    cloudimage: {
      token: 'demo',
      baseURL: 'sample.li'
    }
  }
})
```

These formats all work as well:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  image: {
    cloudimage: {
      token: 'demo',
      baseURL: 'sample.li/images',
      baseURL: 'https://sample.li/images',
      baseURL: '_sl_' // alias defined in your Cloudimage storage settings
    }
  }
})
```

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `apiVersion`

- Type: **String**
- Default: `empty string`

> Allow to use a specific version of API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow using a specific version of the API.
```

::callout

> For tokens created before **20.10.2021**, `apiVersion` need to be set to `v7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tokens created before **20.10.2021**, `apiVersion` needs to be set to `v7`.
```

::

> Here's an official demo config. `demo` is an old token hence the `apiVersion` need to be defined as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an official demo config. `demo` is an old token hence `apiVersion` needs to be defined as well.
```

})
```

### `apiVersion`

- Type: **String**
- Default: `v7`

Allow to use a specific version of API.

**Note:** For tokens created after **20.10.2021**, `apiVersion` need to be set to empty string or you can use `cdnURL` with value `https://{token}.cloudimg.io`.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  image: {
    cloudimage: {
      token: 'demo',

>       apiVersion: 'v7' // optional

Reviewer: if this is the default for new tokens we should probably add it above to the example (set to an empty string)

Author: With the breaking changes, I've added a bit more explanation to docs. Should be much clearer how Cloudimage integration works.

### `cdnURL`

- Type: **String**
- Default: `https://{token}.cloudimg.io/{apiVersion}`

> Replaces the dynamicaly built URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces the dynamically built URL
```
